Hi there, you are watching Danilo channel
Kulesh and today I want to tell quite
after about an interesting application with
short radio name
by the way my friend told me about it
which there is a channel on youtube
name apple
a and space link I left in the description not
forget to subscribe and we start
go
let's move the application itself right away
we see with you a list of popular
radio stations in the offer can
navigate with the wipe let's go to
the left side here we see you
list of my stations
There are two tabs that are added and
favorites
we can add a station ourselves for example
write its name immediately below
choose the station logo and we can choose
flow station that is by clicking on the link
On site for example any
radio stations add station in
application still quite convenient as there
one more function is a little chosen
I'll tell you later how you can add
here are your stations and there is also a tab
songs here you can like so to speak
celebrate your favorite songs
go to the right side here we have
recommendations from the offer itself and
also a list of new stations which
were recently added to this
attachment
let's take an example of one of the radio stations
I'll tell you more about interesting features
this application on top of the section
popular will be able to find the search string and
also the opportunity to order differently
your radio station looks like this as follows
way here you can immediately
add station to favorites it
will appear in the list naturally
let's search for my favorites
favorite station dj f m listen every
the day that's actually let's turn it off
so as not to interfere with what we can do in
again we can add this window
station to favorites how could they do it
to main menu
You can also add a song
playing at the station in your favorite song but
it will be available after you
pay a dollar 99 and this is the only one
minus this application is here
inline purchase itunes key
gets activated too after you
actually pay $ 99 is
share ring can throw
station name by airdrop message
mail list to read or copy
so here is the message I hear
DJs m using a and with radio and link
to download the application also have
awesome function called on the nose
she alarm clock icon that we can here
do we can set a timer for
disable playback of the current station
that is, for example, we can choose
that in 4 minutes the data
the station will shut down that is if you
like before bed like to listen
music and also there is another killer
features we can set the alarm for
enable playback of the station for example
you get up at 7 am by the way you are very
envy it seems 550 here and we can
enable that all morning will play
certain station in our case it is
dj fm but immediately developer us
warns that if suddenly the station
for some reason it is not available for you
can listen
about standards beep under
the name of the harp here is the actual application
awesome done very nicely long ago and
I have not seen these in the appstore
the only negative is that it is not up to
The end is adapted for ios 8 but I think
what are the developers trowel and beyond that
working
But on this actually all link on this
the application you will always find in
description under this video and qr-code
on your screen subscribe to the channel
subscribe to the VKontakte group
like this video for everyone
thanks for watching bye